docs: Update the client certificates example to a working config (#1328)
quinn-rs/quinn: docs/book/src/quinn/certificate.md

**Configure Client**

```rust

> let client_config = ClientConfig::with_native_roots();

Reviewer: This only works with hyper-rustls, I think? rustls itself doesn't supply `ClientConfig::with_native_roots()`. Instead, we should probably have some simplified version of what that code uses internally:

```rust
let mut roots = rustls::RootCertStore::empty();
        let mut valid_count = 0;
        let mut invalid_count = 0;

        for cert in rustls_native_certs::load_native_certs().expect("could not load platform certs")
        {
            let cert = rustls::Certificate(cert.0);
            match roots.add(&cert) {
                Ok(_) => valid_count += 1,
                Err(err) => {
                    crate::log::trace!("invalid cert der {:?}", cert.0);
                    crate::log::debug!("certificate parsing failed: {:?}", err);
                    invalid_count += 1
                }
            }
        }
```

Reviewer 2: I believe this is `quinn::ClientConfig`, which does have such a helper, not `rustls::ClientConfig`.

Reviewer: Ah, sorry, ok.

```

> This is the only thing you need to do for your client to trust a non-self-signed server certificate. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is the only thing you need to do for your client to trust a server certificate signed by a conventional certificate authority. 
```
